{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1031{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil Arial;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Microsoft Sans Serif;}}
{\colortbl ;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\highlight1\f0\fs16 This effect takes a spheremap, which is a texture that can be directly applied to a UV-sphere, and splits it into the six images of a corresponding cubemap.\par
The six images must be placed as follows:\par

\pard\qc\f1 [up,\tab dn,\tab --,\tab --],\par
[rt,\tab ft,\tab lf,\tab bk].\par

\pard\f0 In the top left corner is the "up" image. To the right of it lies the "down" image. The rest of the top row is unused. Below the "up" image is the "right" image. To the right are the "front", "left" and "back" images, in order. The "up" and "right" images should line up nicely. The "right", "front", "left" and "back" images should also line up perfectly.\par
\par
\ul Note 1:\ulnone  In order for each image to be a square, the input image must be twice as wide as it is tall. Using other ratios might cause problems, for which I have no responsibility.\par
\par
\ul Note 2:\ulnone  If you were to place the "down" image below the "right" image, it would line up and create the net of the cube. However, such a layout takes up too much space.\par
\par
\ul Note 3:\ulnone  The names of the 6 images are based off of Source engine skyboxes, for which this effect was made.\par
\par
{{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https://github.com/Tumbolisu/cube-sphere-paint.net }}{\fldrslt{https://github.com/Tumbolisu/cube-sphere-paint.net\ul0\cf0}}}}\highlight0\f2\fs18\par
}
